Fix Agent Issues 175 and 179 (#198)
tenstorrent/tt-studio: app/api/agent_control/README.md

> TT-Studio currently supports a search agent. To use the search agent, pull the following image from Github Container Registry (GCHR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TT-Studio now supports a search agent that can be integrated with your deployed LLM model. 
To use the search agent before starting TT-Studio or deploying a model , follow these steps to enable the search agent:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pull the search agent container from GitHub Container Registry (GCHR):

    docker pull ghcr.io/tenstorrent/tt-studio/agent_image:v1.1

```

docker pull ghcr.io/tenstorrent/tt-studio/agent_image:v1.1
```

> You will also need to create and add your [Tavily API key](https://tavily.com/) to your `.env` file 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create and add your [Tavily API key](https://tavily.com/) to the environment file located at `tt-studio/app/env`.
```
```
